Who better in the area I'm luiz alone
bring you guys but the xbox video
one and today she is bringing a video
of this year's free games
2015 is a matter of grace at the moment
for xbox one beauty
I already made a video about the free games
only that several games that did not have
in that video, so this video here is
an update of the latter and
I'm remembering tac recording this video
today 26
and on that day it 's in the moment with me
recording the games are still free
beauty
So you're watching this video from here.
a year in six months and the games will not
are more free're not me
Xinguem but until the moment they are yes
For free, it's okay, so this is it, folks.
a quick warning I wanted to give you
you before releasing the video and
who does not go on the channel sign up for
channel is because I always let go of the video
for launching xbox one and I'm going
leave in the description a playlist in
of all xbox one videos
are several old videos several tutorials
that's going to help a lot you 're from
how to make live until new
updates coming out of the xbox
one beauty
so check here in the description and also
should appear on the screen a
information is on this playlist beauty
So these folks are staying here.
in my favorite book in the video if you
to like and also to help in the
disclosure of the channel if it does not
is enrolled and is this
thank you for viewing and even
more
[Music]